fix description checksum (#9005)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

# key-path = "/path/to/lightning.key"

> # When data importing is complete, tidb-lightning can automatically perform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# When data importing is complete, TiDB Lightning automatically performs
```

> # the Checksum, Compact and Analyze operations. This configuration is only

Reviewer: three configurations, not one
```suggestion
# the Checksum, Compact and Analyze operations. These configurations are only
```
